[EDU-6339] Added new releases to release notes (#1558)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/release-notes/release-notes.mdx

---
import Tag from 'primevue/tag'

## March 19, 2025

### Azion Libraries

> Azion Lib – JavaScript SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Azion Lib – JavaScript SDK
```

> We are excited to introduce Azion Lib, a comprehensive JavaScript SDK designed to facilitate seamless interactions with various Azion services, including **Edge Storage**, **Edge SQL**, and Purge functionalities. This versatile library is compatible with both Azion's **Edge Runtime** and external environments, ensuring efficient integration across diverse applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azion introduces Azion Lib, a comprehensive JavaScript SDK designed to facilitate seamless interactions with various Azion services, including **Edge Storage**, **Edge SQL**, and **Purge** functionalities. This versatile library is compatible with both Azion **Edge Runtime** and external environments, ensuring efficient integration across diverse applications.
```

Key Features:

> - **Unified Client Interface**: Provides a centralized client to manage interactions with multiple Azion services, streamlining development processes.​

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Unified Client Interface**: provides a centralized client to manage interactions with multiple Azion services, streamlining development processes.​
```

Reviewer: Unified client interface?

> - **Service-Specific Modules**: Offers dedicated modules for Storage, SQL, Purge, and more, allowing for targeted and efficient operations.​

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Service-Specific Modules**: offers dedicated modules for Storage, SQL, Purge, and more, allowing for targeted and efficient operations.​
```

Reviewer: Service-specific modules?

> - **Flexible Configuration**: Supports environment variable-based configurations and debug modes to cater to various development needs.​

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Flexible Configuration**: supports environment variable-based configurations and debug modes to cater to various development needs.​
```

Reviewer: Flexible configuration?

>  For detailed installation and usage instructions, please refer to the [Azion Lib documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/azion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For detailed installation and usage instructions, refer to the [Azion Lib documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/azion).
```

Reviewer: Link to Docs?

### Azion Infrastructure as Code (IaC)

> Azion Config – Enhanced Resource Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Azion Config – Enhanced resource support
```

> The `azion.config.js` file, integral to Azion's Infrastructure as Code (IaC) approach, now supports a broader range of resources. This enhancement enables more granular and comprehensive configurations, encompassing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `azion.config.js` file, integral to Azion's Infrastructure as Code (IaC) approach, now supports a broader range of resources. This enhancement enables more granular and comprehensive configurations, including:
```

Reviewer: more plain

> - **Enhancement on Edge Application - Rules Engine**: Configure origin settings with greater flexibility, including support for various origin types and connection policies.​

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement on Edge Application - Rules Engine**: configure origin settings with greater flexibility, including support for various origin types and connection policies.​
```

> - **WAF settings**

Reviewer: Does this have any description or explanation?

Author: Confirmed with PM that there is no extra explanation or description.

> - **Edge Firewall**: Add-ons and Rules Engine

Reviewer: Does this have any description or explanation?

> - **Edge Firewall**: Add-ons and Rules Engine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Edge Firewall**: add-ons and Rules Engine.
```

> For a comprehensive overview of the configurable properties, please consult the [Azion Config documentation](/en/documentation/devtools/cli/configs/azion-config-js/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a comprehensive overview of the configurable properties, consult the [Azion Config documentation](/en/documentation/devtools/cli/configs/azion-config-js/).
```

### Azion CLI

> #### Improvements to `azion sync` Command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Improvements to the `azion sync` command
```

The `azion sync` command has been refined to enhance synchronization between local files and remote resources.

> For more information, please visit our [CLI Command Sync Documentation](/en/documentation/devtools/cli/sync/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, visit the [CLI Command Sync documentation](/en/documentation/devtools/cli/sync/).
```

> #### Native Windows Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Native Windows support
```

> We are pleased to announce that Azion CLI now offers native support for Windows operating systems using Powershell. You can install it through **Chocolatey** or **WinGet**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azion CLI now offers native support for Windows operating systems using Powershell. You can install it through **Chocolatey** or **WinGet**.
```

> For more information on these updates, please visit our [CLI documentation](/en/documentation/products/azion-cli/overview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on these updates, visit the [CLI documentation](/en/documentation/products/azion-cli/overview/).
```

## March 10, 2025

### GraphQL API 

The GraphQL API now includes the **Consumption** dataset, offering detailed insights into product usage and the metrics accounted for in the client's account.

Explore more about the [GraphQL API](/en/documentation/devtools/graphql-api/overview/) and the [Consumption dataset](/en/documentation/devtools/graphql-api/features/gql-consumption-fields/)

> --

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
```
